Potential Additional Improvements
Increasing Submissions
Going through this dataset, my concerns were less with the cleanliness of the data - as I found it surprisingly clean - and more with the lack of data. This part of Los Angeles is too big to have as little information as it does. I think OpenStreetMap can go a long way in developing their map database if they took on certain initiative to increase engagement with their service.
One possible initiative would be for OpenStreetMap to form partnerships with educational institutions such as schools, or maybe libraries, to engage students with their service. As a way to develop computer and internet literacy, computer-related courses can teach students how to use OpenStreetMap. It'll expose them to online maps, GPS technology, how to participate in open source projects, and more - all while adding data to a free resource that could benefit the members of the community and the world.
Anticipated Problem: However, the concern here is that you might see an influx of dirty, unreliable data, particularly if the people behind them aren't very computer literate or only participating because it's a mandatory portion of a course. Naturally the data that come from volunteers who get involved because of their genuine passion for the project would be of higher quality.
Ensuring Data Consistency
For data improvement, the biggest problem I came across my data before I cleaned it was the lack of a unified format for street types or phone numbers, or simply incomplete information. If OpenStreetMap had a hard format that street types, phone numbers, zip codes, etc. should follow - and they ensured the format is appropriate for the city/country - there would be much cleaner data for analysis.
Anticipated Problem: The issue here is that you could very likely see a decrease in submissions due to the stricter guidelines.